---
title: "Review: Stanford CS229"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
- Review
- Solution
tags:
author_profile: false
---

So I just want to say a few words about this class. Overall, this is a great introduction course to machine learning with basic algorithms like logistic regression, naive bayes, gaussian mixture model, EM algorithm, factor analysis, a bit about reinforcement learning, etc. The material is really beginner-friendly, you can easily learn the prerequisites like linear algebra and probability theory from the additional lecture notes. However, I also found CS229 much more mathematically rigorous than the online Coursera course, which is good!

I actually used the lecture notes from the spring 2019 offering by Tengyu Ma. He added several cool materials to Andrew Ng's version, including information theoretic explanation for MLE, adversarial machine learning, k-means++, to name a few.

I'll try to type my solutions in nice LaTeX format (my handwriting sucks, yikes!) since other beginners like me may find it helpful. I use the problem sets from the fall 2017 offering of the course. In the future, I'll also try to create a nice cheatsheet for the machine learning algorithms too. If you find any mistakes in these write-ups, please let me know!

Problem Set 1: [theory part](/assets/pdf/2020-01-06-cs229/CS229-PS1.pdf) [coding part](/assets/zip/2020-01-06-cs229/CS229-PS1.zip)

Problem Set 2: [theory part](/assets/pdf/2020-01-06-cs229/CS229-PS2.pdf) [coding part](/assets/zip/2020-01-06-cs229/CS229-PS2.zip)

Problem Set 3: (link: update later)

Problem Set 4: (link: update later)

Practice midterm 1: (link: update later)

Practice midterm 2: (link: update later)

Midterm: (link: update later)